[tense music]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[distant train rumbling]
[clank]
Hey.
Are you all right?
All your stuff was gone,
so I thought--
I'm fine.
Well, what happened?
Did your sister do
something or...
Henry, I'm leaving.
-What?
-I can't stay here.
Believe me,
I'm tempted.
Even though the food
fuckin' sucks.
You can't.
I need your help.
-You don't.
-You're wrong.
I fucked up.
I fucked up like
you have no idea,
and everything is worse,
and I can't.
I can't.
I can't do this on my own.
-Yes, you can.
-No.
You can.
You're stronger than you think.
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
Something else.
Something I need to tell you.
Okay.
I don't want what happened
to me to happen to you.
I've always wanted you
to have choice and freedom,
shit I didn't have.
I owe you that.
I haven't been honest with you
about everything.
A while ago you...
You asked if I knew
where your father was,
and...
I said I didn't, but...
That was a lie.
♪ ♪
Your dad is dead.
S... What?
I should have told you before,
but I couldn't.
-That's not--
-You wouldn't have
listened to me,
and I wanted to help you,
to make things right--
That's not...
that's not possible.
It's not.
It's not possible.
No, no, you don't know.
You don't know, because I--
I have been talking to him.
Like, he and I...
He left me a message yesterday.
He's looking for me.
He's been looking for me
this whole fucking time.
I'm sorry.
♪ ♪
[whooshing]
Dad?
Dad!
Simon?
Dad, please!
[Nikolai] Henry.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[panting softly]
How do you know
about this place?
This is my...
this is my dad's cabin.
[birds chirping]
[dramatic musical flourish]
No.
It's my cabin.
Henry...
I killed him.
It happened a long time ago,
before I even knew
you existed, I--
No. No.
That doesn't make any sense,
because...
My body has been
taking me here.
I've been dreaming
about him.
We... we're connected.
He is here!
He has to be here!
Your dad is here,
in a way.
It's where I buried him.
[dark music]
♪ ♪
No.
[whooshing]
Dad?
Hank.
[laughs]
Oh, Hank.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's okay,
it's okay.
Everything is gonna be okay.
[dark music]
♪ ♪
[cries]
[exhales]
Why?
Huh?
I did what I thought was right.
[cries]
Your dad,
he wasn't like us.
He wasn't a teleporter.
He was an Inactive.
And he was bitter about it.
He made a choice.
He was gonna tell whoever
would listen to him
about people like us.
I couldn't let that happen.
It was my job not to let
that happen.
Be quiet.
Daddy?
[grunting]
[crashing, whooshing]
He was dangerous.
If he would've known
what you would've become--
No.
[ragged breathing]
[Simon] Please.
Please.
I have a family.
-Me too.
-[gunshot]
[gasps]
♪ ♪
I trusted you.
[panting]
You're a fucking liar!
You're a liar!
Fucking liar!
[cries]
You let me think...
[screams] You let me think
he was alive this whole time
when you knew...
you knew what you did!
You knew!
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[cries]
You knew the whole...
♪ ♪
[crying]
I'm sorry.
[cries]
I need him.
[leaves rustling]
[cries] I need him.
[tense music]
-Henry...
-[sobbing]
My dad...
♪ ♪
You took him from me.
-[snap]
-Ahhh!
Henry, I...
[whooshing]
-[snap]
-Ahh!
[both grunting]
[whooshing]
[both grunt]
-[screams]
-[whooshing]
[rattling]
[tires screech]
-[whooshing]
-[grunts]
[both panting]
[groaning]
[gurgling]
[pained grunting]
Help.
[panting]
Henry...
Why?
Huh?
What the fuck
were you doing with me?
I...
I care about you.
[gasping]
Henry, Henry!
Please...
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
[snapping, clattering]
I'm done.
[crackling]
[wheezing]
[Nikolai gasping]
[moans]
[gasps]
[speaking other language]
[crackling]
[panting]
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
[phone beeping]
[line trilling]
[Elaine]
I told you not to call me.
Your brother's dead.
Henry...
He finally told you.
Keep this phone.
If you ever need anyth--
[beeping]
♪ ♪
[door buzzes]
I woke and you were gone.
I couldn't stay.
What I asked of you
was unfair.
But I'm here now
to make amends.
To act as a witness
on your behalf.
This is not where you belong.
But it is.
Confessing to a crime
you did not commit
will not provide relief
for your past sins.
It's not about that.
This is my path
to salvation.
This is my purpose.
What purpose can you possibly
serve from a cell?
I know you, Lucas Boone.
And you know me.
I care for you.
Job 4:15.
"Fear came upon me,
and trembling,
which made all
my bones to shake.
Then a spirit passed
before my face..."
"And the hair of my flesh
stood up.
It stood still...
but I could not discern
the form thereof:
an image
was before mine eyes."
This is your purpose?
An angel?
-I don't understand.
-I'm protecting her.
Her?
So this angel is alive?
She... she came to you?
Why would an angel
want this for you?
She doesn't.
I came to this on my own.
Lucas, if you are here
to protect this angel,
does that mean she is the one
who killed your father?
[Townes]
Maybe she just lost it.
In the barn?
Where Nikolai dissolved
Bill Boone's body?
What if he did something
to her?
That's not possible.
Nikolai left Reston.
At least that's
what Henry said.
So what does that mean?
-Do you think Henry could've--
-No.
-Henry would never hurt Anna.
-I don't know.
I mean, she convinced Lucas
to confess for her.
How do you know that?
-[door opens]
-Townes.
[panting]
My dad...
He's dead.
-What?
-Henry...
[Henry]
I feel so stupid.
I should've known.
'Cause if he was alive,
he would've found me, right?
I mean, he would've, like,
knocked on my door,
but he couldn't.
He couldn't, because Nikolai
fucking killed him.
Nikolai?
This whole time, I thought
that I was gonna see him again.
But he's been dead, like,
most of my life.
Henry, whose blood is that?
[dark music]
♪ ♪
What else happened?
He killed my dad.
Look, I didn't mean to, but I
couldn't just let him, like...
He took him from me!
Jenna, you know.
You know what this feels like.
I mean, with your mom, like...
I lost him, and he...
he fucking deserved it!
He deserved it!
What about Anna?
What happened to her?
What?
Did you kill her too?
-Where did you get that?
-The barn.
Here.
It's fine.
Just give it to me.
No, why?
So you can destroy it?
No, of course not.
Where the hell is she?
What did you do?
-Nothing!
-Henry, did you hurt her?
No!
She's not fucking dead!
Sh--
I just...
I took her somewhere.
I had to!
She found out everything,
and I was...
I was protecting us.
-Oh, my God.
-Where did you take her?
Anna's a good person.
She's not like Bill or Nikolai.
This, this is not...
heroes don't do this!
I'm gonna fix it.
-Just give me the phone.
-No.
Jenna, come on!
Someone could trace it!
If Anna's okay,
it doesn't matter.
Jenna, just--
-Give it to me... Jenna.
-No!
-Let go!
-Stop it!
-Just let go!
-No!
-Stop it!
-You don't get it!
You don't fucking get it!
-Ah!
-[Jenna] You're sick!
Henry, there's something
wrong with you!
-That's not true!
-You're a fucking monster!
Don't fucking say that!
Like Nikolai!
-[rumbling]
-[Townes screams]
-[shrieks]
-[high-pitched ringing]
[screams]
[gasping]
[coughs]
Nikolai killed Sam too,
didn't he?
[gasps]
You knew!
You knew, and you lied to me.
No. Please...
please, just turn it off.
Just turn it off.
[coughs]
[ringing stops]
[panting]
I believed in you.
[whispering]
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Please...
Please.
-Please, Townes.
-Get out of my room.
-Townes--
-Get out now!
[panting]
[gasps]
[sniffles]
I'm gonna bring her back, okay?
I'm gonna fix it.
I promise I'm gonna fix it.
I'm gonna--
I'm gonna fix all of it!
[sniffling]
[door shuts]
[birds chirping]
[exhales]
[whooshing]
Anna?
[echoing] Anna?
Anna!
[echoing] Anna!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Oh, shit.
Oh, God.
Anna?
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[whooshing]
-[grunts]
-[thudding]
[panting softly]
Mom?
[sighs]
[whispering] Shit.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[low mechanical humming]
-[latch clicking]
-[Wendy] Thank you.
We'll see you next week.
Thank you.
Goodnight.
God bless.
Thank you.
Mrs. Boone?
It's Mrs. Jacobson.
Is there something
I can help you with?
I'm concerned
about your son, Lucas.
I fear he may be following
the wrong path.
I'm sorry.
How do you know him?
We belong to the same church.
I saw him this morning.
He seems consumed
with a particular young woman.
I'm hoping you can help me
find her.
I believe she's connected
to your ex-husband.
You know her...
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
I have to get back--
Mrs. Jacobson, please.
Do not give up on him.
I know all too well
what it's like to lose a son.
Mine died too soon.
But death is not the only way
to lose a child.
A boy needs his mother.
Now, please...
who is the girl?
[Cleo echoing] I don't know.
I saw this place.
It looked decent.
The people were nice.
And they have egg rolls
which maybe is a sign.
Henry?
You all right?
[echo stops]
Yes, yeah.
I don't know if you noticed,
but I got some new bowls.
I mean, they're just plastic,
but they're nice plastic,
right?
And they're ours.
[bowls rattling]
You know, I was thinking,
like, after everything
that's happened...
Maybe we should just go.
-Go where?
-Anywhere.
I know this is a lot at once.
But it's not the end.
It's gonna get better.
It has to.
We're just...
we're deep in the shit
of, like, a bad thing, and...
But we have each other.
And we're gonna
get through it together.
Okay?
Okay.
Hey, what if we have dinner
in bed?
Dinner in bed is
always better, right?
Come on.
We can pick out a movie
on your laptop.
[both laugh]
You know, but maybe...
maybe something a little more
Romy and Michele
and a little less
Requiem for a Dream.
-Just saying.
-[chuckles]
Here.
Hey.
You know I love you,
right?
And I'm proud of you.
I love you too.
All right,
let's see what we got.
[phone ringing in distance]
This isn't me.
[laughs nervously]
I mean, I don't...
I don't even remember
writing this.
I thought what I
turned in was...
I don't know.
Just, I want
to go to college.
And I want to have a future,
so...
please, just tell me
what to do, and I'll do it.
I'll rewrite every essay,
I'll retake every test.
-I'll--
-And then what?
[stammers]
What do you mean?
[sighs]
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Totally.
I'm fine.
I mean, no, like,
because of this, but...
Is there anything else
going on at home?
I know what happened
with Bill Boone
and your dad's girlfriend.
Yeah, that's o... that's okay.
I mean... I mean...
it's not, but... but it is.
It's fine.
I'm fine.
Just give me another chance.
I mean...
you know me.
I'm a straight-A student.
I'm not this person.
This isn't me.
You've said that
a couple of times now.
Look, Jenna,
if you keep ignoring
what's going on with you,
that something is going on,
then things like this
will keep happening.
You wrote those essays.
You failed a number
of your tests.
No one else.
You.
It's okay not to be okay.
But ignoring it
won't make it any less real.
[video game gunfire]
[gun clicks,
video game gunfire]
[knocks on door]
[man screams]
[gun clicks]
Hey, what's up?
You need something?
[video game gunfire]
Uh, the housekeeper
wants to move to Wednesdays,
so I thought
we could switch your PT
so that you didn't have
to work around her.
Okay, cool.
Whatever.
[gun clicks,
video game gunfire]
Uh, Mom, I'm in the middle
of a game.
[video game gunfire]
[game beeps]
Okay.
What?
When I was a sophomore
in college, I dated a swimmer.
Uh, not for long,
and "dating" is probably
too strong a word,
but we went out a few times.
He was older than me,
but only by a year.
Anyway, uh...
we... we were at a party...
one night,
and we were drinking.
But not a lot.
Um... and we ended up
in one of the rooms.
I don't even remember how,
but...
And we were kissing.
And then it got to a point
where I...
tried to stop it.
Politely at first, and then...
less so, but he didn't listen.
After that, this boy and I
stopped talking.
We never talked about
how we stopped talking.
I would see him
around the campus
here and there, and...
every time, I, uh...
You see, my generation,
we didn't talk about
this sort of thing.
I knew right away
how it made me feel.
It just took longer
to put a word to it.
To realize that
what happened to me...
was rape.
I've never told anybody
what happened.
Not your father.
Not Robert.
I don't know
if I was afraid, or...
ashamed, or--
Then why are you telling me?
[somber music]
♪ ♪
I think you know why.
I don't have a fucking clue,
actually.
Then why won't
you look at me?
Get the fuck out
of my room.
♪ ♪
In the end, you have to live
with what you've done.
It'll be between you and God,
and you can't escape Him.
[door slams]
-[door opens]
-[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter,
laughter]
What are you doing here?
You okay?
[whispering]
Are you okay?
Yeah, of course.
Jesus.
This is so fucked up.
[whispering] I'm the one
who should be in here.
Not you... I'm the one
I'm gonna tell them...
I'm gonna tell them the truth.
I'm gonna tell them
that it was me,
and we're gonna get you
out of here.
-Henry, no, no. No.
-Yes.
This is what I want.
And I get it, I do.
I have been where you are,
questioning who I was,
believing there was
no good in me,
but the very fact
that you're questioning it...
that means
there is good in you.
I am...
I am not an angel, Lucas.
-I'm not.
-[exhales sharply]
I let you believe that I was
so that you would help me,
but I am not.
I am a bad and selfish person.
Hey.
Hey, hey.
You are not.
You're not.
What, you think all angels
are perfect and shit?
You gotta read the Bible,
because that's not
what they are,
and that is not
who I think you are.
I'm not that fuckin' crazy,
Henry.
I'm not.
I killed your father.
You also walked through fire
without getting burned.
Jesus Christ.
-Sorry, I'm just...
-I know. I know.
It's a lot to take in.
[whispering] I...
I don't... I don't know
what you want from me.
I don't--I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
Could you please...
Look, it took me
getting away from here
and all my family shit
to finally see clearly,
to see what I was meant for,
but I know it now.
I fuckin' know it
right in here.
And I've got faith
that if you can just
clear all this noise...
that you'll know too.
The Lord will open a path
for you, Henry.
But you gotta
open your eyes to see.
[indistinct chatter,
laughter]
[tense music builds]
You shouldn't be here.
You gotta go.
-Okay?
-Lucas.
Wait.
Come on.
Hey. Just...
[sighs]
Remember that doing
what's right...
Isn't always what's easy.
[moody music]
♪ ♪
[Thomas] Hey.
[door shuts]
That was a really long meeting.
Yeah, I've... I've been
driving around for a while.
Okay, so?
How did it go?
Did you guys come up
with a plan?
You gonna get
your grades back up?
We mostly just talked about me.
Cool.
Okay.
Got it.
That's it?
-What do you want me to say?
-I don't know.
More than that.
Come on, Jenna, I...
[scoffs] It feels like
I can't win with you. You...
[sighs] I'm trying
to make things right.
I'm trying to put you first,
try to get you out
of this mess,
-get you back
to your old self--
-What does that mean?
[sighs] I don't know.
I don't... ah...
-I'm just talking.
-No, you do know.
-You're just not saying it.
-[sighs heavily]
That... I can't
keep doing this with you.
-You make it so hard.
-How do I make it hard?
You're afraid.
You're afraid to talk
about Mom.
You're afraid to get mad
and, like, actually
feel things,
and you're afraid
to know who I am.
Like, really know me.
That's not true.
Not true.
Aren't you still trying
to figure out who you are?
I mean, you're just 17.
[sighs]
Right.
-Look who I found.
-Mom, you have to knock.
Hi.
I like your room.
It's bigger in person.
It's larger
than Megan's room too.
Mom?
Some privacy?
Oh, yes.
Sorry.
Of course.
But game night
starts in ten,
and we don't hold your spot
if you're late.
[laughs]
I'm just kidding.
I...
That's a joke.
Ah.
But seriously, ten minutes.
Your father and I will
shuffle the board.
[door shuts]
I have something
important to tell you.
Is it about the allergens here?
Because your mom already
said that--
Nope, it's actually
highly sensitive information.
But I need your permission
before I say more,
because I don't want
to burden you with my problems
unless you want
to be burdened.
I love you, Townes.
Whatever you need,
whatever's going on,
I'm in.
All right.
So...
For some time now,
I've been acting as a sidekick
to a superhero.
-Oh.
-I know.
It's been very exciting, but...
Then something
terrible happened.
Really terrible, and...
now I think maybe
I've actually been a henchman,
serving not a hero
but a villain.
I... I don't know
what I am or...
or who I'm meant to be.
All I know is, I need to try
and make things right.
Lives are on the line.
-Okay.
-And...
I want you to be my partner.
Not a sidekick.
But my equal
in this fight,
if there is a fight.
But hopefully there's not,
and if there is,
it's nothing too physical.
[chuckles]
Um, yeah, I hope so too.
Yeah.
Well, good, great.
Thank you.
Mm.
[stammers]
I love you too, by the way.
-I forgot to say it before.
-[laughs]
Okay, there's a lot
to explain,
but our first mission
is time-sensitive.
I need you to help me
find someone.
She could be anywhere
in the world.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Dad's gone?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry for everything.
I think I let you down.
[cries]
I know that this isn't
what you wanted.
This isn't
who you wanted to be.
And I'm just...
I just don't know
what to do anymore.
[sobs]
What do I do?
[cries]
Keep Mom safe.
I did.
I am.
I mean...
Everyone that could hurt her
is gone.
Maybe it's time to go.
I can't.
[sniffles]
She needs us.
And I would come back to her.
I always come back to her.
Not if you break it.
But I...
And how would I do that
without hurting her?
[melancholy music]
♪ ♪
[phone line trilling]
Megan?
It's Jenna.
Jenna? Hi!
How's it going?
It's good.
-I'm good.
-Well, what's up?
Well, actually I was...
calling to...
see if you had Kate's number.
I... I hung out with her
at Darcy's party,
and I kinda...
you know, I... I didn't get
to say goodbye.
[muffled voice
through phone]
-Wait, she said that?
-Yeah!
[laughs softly] Great.
That's great.
So do you think
you could text me her number?
[muffled voice
through phone]
Thanks.
Okay, I'll talk to you later.
[foreboding music]
♪ ♪
-[door opens]
-Hey.
Where've you been?
You okay, honey?
What's wrong?
My dad's dead.
-What?
-Simon is dead.
Are you sure?
I don't understand.
When did he...
He didn't abandon us,
Mom.
He didn't want to leave.
He just didn't have
a choice.
How do you know all this?
Baby?
Henry?
[sniffles]
Why didn't you know?
Why am I the one
who had to figure it out?
-[sighs]
-I've asked you about him
so many times,
and you just wouldn't...
you didn't care.
Honey, that's not true.
You let me think
he didn't want to know me.
But he did.
He loved me.
He loved us.
And if you gave
a shit about me,
or... or him or anyone
but yourself,
you would've tried.
You would've
fucking tried, Mom.
Can you give me a second?
'Cause you just dropped
all of this on me,
and I'm trying to unders--
-No.
-Henry, I--
No! I have spent
my entire fucking life
giving you a second,
picking up after you,
taking care of you,
making sure you have
everything that you need!
Okay, that's not true.
"Oh, honey,
isn't this place great?
Don't you think he's nice?
Henry, this time
it's gonna be different.
Just you wait.
Just you fucking wait!"
I am so sick of it, Mom!
How many schools
have you pulled me out of?
How many...
how many places
have we lived?
You're always
worrying about me.
Wondering why I don't
have fucking friends.
Why do you think I don't have
fucking friends?!
Do you think that
this is fun for me?
Do you think that I like
moving around so much?
-I don't think that.
-Huh?
Just you and me on another
fucking adventure?
I'm sorry, okay?
You're right.
You're totally right.
[sighs]
I'm sorry, Henry.
I've been so selfish, honey.
And I knew that it hurt you.
Deep down I knew that.
I knew that it was hurting you,
and I did it anyway.
I'm really sorry.
It's too late.
No, it's not too late, honey.
I'm doing better.
I'm trying to do better.
I mean, you know that.
This is you trying?
[laughs] I mean,
this is a start, Henry.
You think because you rented
this fucking apartment
and you bought fucking bowls
that everything's
gonna be okay?
Why?
Because we have each other?
Well, it's not,
because I don't want you.
I'm sorry that
this isn't good enough.
I'm sorry
that I can't give you more.
[stammers] How many times
do you want me to apologize?
How many?
I don't know what
the fuck you want.
I want you to be better
than you are.
[laughs] Oh, okay.
That's all?
That's all you want?
I can't keep doing this.
I can't... can't be
everything to you.
What are you doing?
I don't even...
will you stop being
so dramatic?
I don't want to end up
like you.
I don't want you to end up
like me either, okay?
I want you to have
a better life.
Then let me go.
What? No.
Henry, stop.
Please, will you stop?
Will you look at me?
Will you fucking look at me?
[heavy breathing]
Be honest with me.
Have you ever loved
anyone that you've dated?
Or were you just looking
for a free place to stay?
Excuse me?
Thomas is the only nice guy
that you have ever been with,
and you fucked that up too.
Want to know what I think?
I think you're just
a fucking sad,
lonely woman, and no one is
ever going to love you!
What the fuck, Henry?
You think you deserve
better than this,
but you don't,
and you never will!
I see the way
that you are.
Pining for men's attention,
asking them for help,
acting weak.
It's probably why
I asked Clay for help
in the first place.
It's why I ended up
in that truck.
And it's why he raped me.
-What?
-It's your fault.
What he did to me is
because of you.
No, no.
That is not my fault.
That is not your fault.
That is Clay Boone's fault.
Everything bad that's
ever happened to me
is because of you.
-No, that is not--
-[Henry] Admit it!
-Stop it, stop it!
-Mom--
-You have to st--
-I don't need you anymore!
I don't...
not like you need me,
and I bet that kills you.
-No, it doesn't.
-Doesn't it?
Prove it!
Prove that you're not weak,
that you don't need me!
Get out of my fucking face.
Stop it!
Or what?
-You need to calm down!
-Admit it!
-I don't need you!
-Calm down!
Say it! Come on!
-Enough!
-Let me go!
Ow!
Fuck!
All right, get out!
Get the fuck out!
Go!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
I never want to see you again.
[sobs] Henry...
[door shuts]
♪ ♪
[crying]
[weeping]
[sobbing]
[panting]
[whooshing]
♪ ♪
[gasps]
[Wendy] I don't... I can't...
You should've seen him.
He wasn't even remorseful.
It's okay.
-We'll figure it out.
-[Wendy] How?
What is there to figure out?
I know he did it.
He's a rapist.
[Jacobson] He is your son.
[Wendy] I don't even know
how to be around him.
[door slams]
[sighs]
[crying]
[muffled scream]
[panting]
[exhales]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[panting]
What the fuck?
["Mediterranean" playing]
♪ ♪
[singer]
♪ See ♪
♪ Up the sky ♪
♪ ♪
♪ There ♪
♪ We'll be so high ♪
♪ Oh, I'm flying ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Towards the sun ♪
♪ I am dying ♪
♪ Right into the light ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Flying ♪
[indistinct chatter
in Spanish]
["Tremble" playing
on headphones]
[singer] ♪ I don't
wanna tear your heart out ♪
♪ But I'm edging
on a breakdown ♪
♪ I've been up and down
the same route ♪
♪ Too afraid
of the fall out ♪
♪ I know that we gotta quit,
you just never see it ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Don't wanna admit it
but you're stuck
in my system ♪
♪ And I just wanna clear it
like an exorcism ♪
♪ I know we got
hell to pay ♪
♪ You don't wanna
see it, it, it ♪
♪ You should be picking me up
in this battle ♪
but I'm down ♪
♪ I'm lying awake
and I tremble ♪
♪ I tremble ♪
[audio skipping]
[fluttering]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[Fatima] Henry?
I've been watching you
for some time.
♪ ♪
It was you.
You have no idea
what you've started.
[engine revving]
["Sync" playing]
♪ ♪
[singer]
♪ Sink or swim ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Life and limb ♪
♪ Heads or tails ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Soul to sell ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪
♪ Take my heart ♪
♪ Take me far ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪
♪ You don't know ♪
♪ You've left a scar ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪
♪ Let's forget who we are ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪
♪ Take my heart ♪
♪ Take me far ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪
♪ You don't know ♪
♪ You've left a scar ♪
♪ Pick me up
in an orange car ♪